public class summary {
    import java.util.Scanner;

    public class Summary {
        public void recommendBooks2() {

            BookGenreSelection objA = new BookGenreSelection();

            objA.recommendBooks();

        }
        private static Scanner scanner = new Scanner(System.in);

        private static void recommendBooks (String genre) {
            System.out.println("\n Books for " + genre + ":");
            switch (genre) {
                case "Fantasy Fiction":
                    System.out.println("\n1. Game of Thrones by George Martin");
                    System.out.println("2. The Hobbit by John Tolkien");
                    System.out.println("3. Be sure by Seanan McGuire");
                    System.out.println("4. The Eye of The World by Robert Jordan");
                    System.out.println("5. Witch King by Martha Wells");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Enter Y for Yes or N for No: ");
                    String userAnswer1 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Y".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer1)) {
                        System.out.println("\n1. Game of Thrones by George Martin");
                        System.out.println("  ~ Is the first book in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series. \nSet in the fictional land of Westeros, it follows the power struggles among noble families as they vie for the Iron Throne.\nThe story is marked by political intrigue, complex characters, and a looming threat from the White Walkers in the North, \nmaking it a captivating and unpredictable tale of treachery and ambition.");
                        System.out.println("\n2. The Hobbit by John Tolkien");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is an adventurous tale of a hobbit named Bilbo Baggins who is unexpectedly thrust into a quest to reclaim a treasure guarded by the dragon Smaug. \nAccompanied by a group of dwarves and guided by the wizard Gandalf, Bilbo faces numerous challenges, including encounters with trolls, goblins, and \na fateful riddle game with Gollum. Through his journey, Bilbo discovers courage and resourcefulness he never knew he possessed, \ntransforming from a timid homebody into a hero.");
                        System.out.println("\n3. Be sure by Seanan McGuire");
                        System.out.println("   ~ In this story, the protagonist, Annie, grapples with the implications of her psychic abilities and her family's involvement in the world of monsters. \nAs she navigates her supernatural heritage and secrets, Annie must make difficult choices that \ncould have far-reaching consequences for her family and the cryptid community.");
                        System.out.println("\n4. The Eye of The World by Robert Jordan");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is the first book in the epic fantasy series, The Wheel of Time. \nIt follows the journey of three young friends, Rand, Mat, and Perrin, who become embroiled in a grand adventure when their peaceful village is attacked by dark forces. \nAs they flee for their lives, they discover that they are part of a prophecy that may hold the key to saving the world from an ancient evil. \nThe book sets the stage for a sprawling and intricate fantasy tale, filled with magic, \npolitical intrigue, and a richly developed world.");
                        System.out.println("\n5. Witch King by Martha Wells");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is the second installment in the Ghosts of Rith series. \nIn this fantasy novel, we follow the story of the newly crowned Witch King, Khatrimantz, as he faces the challenges and responsibilities of his new role while navigating \npolitical intrigue, powerful enemies, and the legacy of his predecessor. As the new ruler, Khatrimantz must make \ndifficult choices to protect his kingdom and establish his reign.");
                    }
                    break;

                case "Historical Fiction":
                    System.out.println("1. The Duke and I (Bridgerton Series #1) by Julia Quinn");
                    System.out.println("2. The Book Thief by Markis Zusak");
                    System.out.println("3. Stone Blind by Natalie Haynes");
                    System.out.println("4. The World and All that It Holds by Aleksander Hemon");
                    System.out.println("5. The Armor of Light by Ken Follett");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Yes or No: ");
                    String userAnswer2 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Yes".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer2)) {
                        System.out.println("\n1. The Duke and I (Bridgerton Series #1) by Julia Quinn");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is the first book in the Bridgerton series, a historical romance set in Regency-era London. It tells the story of Daphne Bridgerton and Simon Basset, \nthe Duke of Hastings. Daphne and Simon enter into a fake courtship to navigate the pressures of society, but their mutual \nattraction and growing feelings complicate their arrangement, leading to a passionate and tumultuous love story. \nThe novel combines wit, humor, and the intricacies of high society, making it a delightful and captivating romance read.");
                        System.out.println("\n2. The Book Thief by Markis Zusak");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a haunting and moving novel set in Nazi Germany during World War II. It is narrated by Death and follows the life of Liesel Meminger, a young girl living \nwith foster parents, as she discovers the power of words and books. The story beautifully explores the themes of love, \nhumanity, and resilience in the face of one of history's darkest periods, making it a poignant and unforgettable tale.");
                        System.out.println("\n3. Stone blind by Natalie Haynes");
                        System.out.println("   ~ The only mortal in a family of gods, Medusa is the youngest of the Gorgon sisters. Unlike her siblings, Medusa grows older, experiences change, feels weakness. \nHer mortal lifespan gives her an urgency that her family will never know. When the sea god Poseidon assaults Medusa in Athene's temple, the goddess is enraged.");
                        System.out.println("\n4. The Sparrow by Mary Doria Russell");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a thought-provoking science fiction novel that explores the first contact between humans and an alien civilization. A team of scientists, including a \nJesuit priest, travels to a distant planet to make contact with the enigmatic extraterrestrial species. As they encounter the \ncomplexities of interstellar travel, faith, and cultural misunderstandings, the story delves into profound \nethical and philosophical questions, making it a gripping and contemplative exploration of the human condition.");
                        System.out.println("\n5. The Armor of Light by Ken Follett");
                        System.out.println("   ~ A world filled with unrest wrestles for control over this new world order: A mother's husband is killed in a work accident due to negligence; \na young woman fights to fund her school for impoverished children; a well-intentioned young man unexpectedly inherits a failing business; \none man ruthlessly protects his wealth");
                    }
                    break;
                case "Thriller/Horror":
                    System.out.println("1. Salem's Lot by Stephen King");
                    System.out.println("2. The Shining by Stephen King");
                    System.out.println("3. Haunted by Chuck Palahniuk");
                    System.out.println("4. Our Share of Night by Mariana Enriquez");
                    System.out.println("5. Ghost Story by Peter Straub");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Yes or No: ");
                    String userAnswer3 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Yes".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer3)) {
                        System.out.println("\n1. Salem's lot by Stephen King");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a classic horror novel that tells the story of a writer, Ben Mears, who returns to the small town of Jerusalem's Lot (Salem's Lot) in \nMaine to confront his childhood fears. However, he soon realizes that the town has been plagued by a vampire infestation, \nand he must join forces with a small group of residents to combat the growing evil. The book masterfully combines elements of traditional \nvampire lore with King's signature storytelling to create a chilling and suspenseful tale of terror, loss, and the battle between good and evil.");
                        System.out.println("\n2. The Shining by Stephen King");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a psychological horror novel that follows Jack Torrance, a recovering alcoholic and aspiring writer, who becomes the winter caretaker of \nthe remote Overlook Hotel. He moves in with his wife, Wendy, and their young son, Danny, who possesses psychic abilities \nreferred to as the shining. As the winter progresses and the hotel becomes isolated, supernatural events and the hotel's malevolent influence \nlead to a descent into madness for Jack, endangering his family and revealing the sinister history of the Overlook Hotel.");
                        System.out.println("\n3. Haunted by Chuck Palahniuk");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a darkly satirical and disturbing novel that follows a group of aspiring writers who voluntarily check into an isolated artist's retreat \nto find inspiration. However, their pursuit of creativity takes a sinister turn as they face physical and psychological \nhorrors within the retreat's walls. Through a series of interconnected short stories, the book explores the human desire for fame, the macabre, \nand the lengths people will go to in the name of art, all while offering a scathing commentary on modern culture.");
                        System.out.println("\n4. Our share of night by Mariana Enriquez");
                        System.out.println("   ~ A young father and son set out on a road trip, devastated by the death of the wife and mother they both loved. United in grief, the pair \ntravel to her ancestral home, where they must confront the terrifying legacy she has bequeathed: a family called the Order that \ncommits unspeakable acts in search of immortality.");
                        System.out.println("\n5. Ghost story by Peter Straub");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a horror novel that tells the tale of a group of elderly friends in the small town of Milburn, who have kept a dark secret for over 50 years. \n As they face a series of supernatural and horrifying events, they come to realize that a malevolent force from their past is seeking revenge. \nThe book is a chilling exploration of guilt, memory, and the consequences of actions taken in one's youth, delivering a \nsuspenseful and terrifying narrative that blurs the lines between reality and the supernatural.");

                    }
                    break;
                case "Non-Fiction":
                    System.out.println("1. The Sixth Extinction by Elizabeth Kolbert");
                    System.out.println("2. The year of Magical Thinking");
                    System.out.println("3. No Logo by Naomi Klein");
                    System.out.println("4. Birthday Letters by Ted Hughes");
                    System.out.println("5. Dreams From My Father by Barack Obama");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Yes or No: ");
                    String userAnswer4 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Yes".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer4)) {
                        System.out.println("\n1. The Sixth Extinction by Elizabeth Kolbert");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a non-fiction book that explores the ongoing mass extinction event caused by human activities. Kolbert examines the impact of climate change, \nhabitat destruction, and pollution on various species, leading to their decline and potential extinction. The book provides a sobering and \ninformative look at the consequences of human actions on the planet's biodiversity and underscores the urgent need for conservation efforts.");
                        System.out.println("\n2. The Year of Magical Thinking");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a memoir that chronicles the author's experiences during the year following the sudden death of her husband, John Gregory Dunne, and the serious \nillness of their daughter, Quintana Roo. Didion delves into the depths of grief, examining the emotional turmoil and the irrational thought \nprocesses that often accompany profound loss. The book is a deeply personal exploration of love, mourning, and the human \npsyche, offering a candid and heartrending look at the grieving process.");
                        System.out.println("\n3. No Logo by Naomi Klein");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a critical examination of the impact of corporate branding and consumer culture on society. The book delves into the way multinational \ncorporations have shaped public discourse, labor practices, and social values to promote their brands. Klein argues that this phenomenon has led to a \nhomogenized and commodified culture and explores the potential for resistance and alternative paths to a more just and sustainable world. ");
                        System.out.println("\n4. Birthday Letters by Ted Hughes");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a collection of poems that serves as a poignant and autobiographical exploration of his relationship with the American poet Sylvia Plath, \nwho was his wife. The poems offer a retrospective look at their tumultuous and passionate love story, as well as the grief and guilt he experienced \nfollowing Plath's tragic suicide. Hughes' deeply personal and emotionally charged poems provide insight into the complexities \nof their relationship and the enduring impact of their connection on his life and work. ");
                        System.out.println("\n5. Dreams from my Father by Barack Obama");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a memoir written by Barack Obama before he became the 44th President of the United States. In the book, Obama reflects on his early life, \nhis experiences growing up as the son of a Kenyan father and a Kansan mother, and his search for identity as a young African American man. The memoir \ndelves into issues of race, heritage, and the complexities of family, providing a deeply personal and introspective account of \nhis life and journey toward self-discovery.");
                    }
                    break;
                case "Comic Books":
                    System.out.println("1. Ant-Man by Stan Lee");
                    System.out.println("2. Anti-Venom by Dan Slott");
                    System.out.println("3. Akira by Katsuhiro Otomo");
                    System.out.println("4. Batman by Bob Kane");
                    System.out.println("5. Blue is the warmest color by Jul Maroh");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Yes or No: ");
                    String userAnswer5 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Yes".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer5)) {
                        System.out.println("\n1. Ant-Man by Stan Lee");
                        System.out.println("   ~ After stealing the Ant-Man costume to save his daughter Cassandra Cassie Lang from a heart ailment, Scott Lang resolved to become the second Ant-Man. \nWith Hank Pym's support, Lang quickly transitioned from a life of crime to a full-time profession as Ant-Man.");
                        System.out.println("\n2. Anti-Venom by Dan Slott");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a storyline in Marvel Comics that features the character Eddie Brock, who was the original Venom. In this story, Eddie Brock undergoes a \ntransformation, becoming Anti-Venom, a character with a new, white-colored symbiote. As Anti-Venom, Brock possesses unique abilities and is driven to \ncleanse the world of other symbiotes, leading to conflicts with various Marvel superheroes and supervillains. The storyline explores \nthemes of redemption, identity, and the complex nature of symbiotes within the Marvel Universe. ");
                        System.out.println("\n3. Akira by Katsuhiro Otomo");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a Japanese manga series created by Katsuhiro Otomo that later inspired an animated film. The story is set in a post-apocalyptic Tokyo and \nfollows two friends, Kaneda and Tetsuo, who become embroiled in a government experiment with psychic powers. As Tetsuo's abilities grow out of control, \nit leads to a destructive clash with Kaneda and uncovers a deeper conspiracy that threatens the world. The series explores themes of \npower, corruption, and the consequences of unchecked scientific experimentation in a cyberpunk dystopian setting.");
                        System.out.println("\n4. Batman by Bob Kane");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a popular comic book character created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger. Batman, also known as Bruce Wayne, is a billionaire playboy \nwho takes on the persona of a vigilante superhero to fight crime in the fictional Gotham City. He has no superhuman powers but relies on his \nintelligence, martial arts skills, and an array of high-tech gadgets to combat a rogues' gallery of villains, most notably the Joker, Penguin, \nand Catwoman. Batman has become an iconic figure in popular culture, known \nfor his dark and brooding persona as the Caped Crusader.");
                        System.out.println("\n5. Blue is The Warmest Color by Jul Maroh");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a graphic novel by Julie Maroh that tells the poignant coming-of-age love story between two young women, Emma and Clementine. The book explores \ntheir intense and passionate relationship, the challenges they face, and the impact it has on their lives as they navigate the complexities of \nidentity, sexuality, and societal expectations. The novel is celebrated for its emotional depth and beautiful artwork, making it a significant \nwork in the LGBTQ+ literature and graphic novel genres.");

                    }
                    break;
                case "Self-Help":
                    System.out.println("1. The Mountain is You by Brianna Wiest");
                    System.out.println("2. Atomic Habits by James Clear");
                    System.out.println("3 The Power of Self-Discipline by Brain Tracy");
                    System.out.println("4. The Power of Letting Go by John Purkiss");
                    System.out.println("5. The Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Yes or No: ");
                    String userAnswer6 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Yes".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer6)) {
                        System.out.println("\n1. The Mountain is You by Brianna Wiest");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a self-help book that guides readers through a journey of self-discovery and personal growth. The author encourages readers to confront their \ninner fears and insecurities, offering insights and exercises to help them develop self-awareness and build resilience. With a focus on \nself-compassion and self-empowerment, the book provides tools and wisdom to navigate life's challenges and find inner strength.");
                        System.out.println("\n2. Atomic Habits by James Clear");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a bestselling self-help book that explores the science of habit formation and provides practical strategies for making lasting positive changes in one's life. \nClear argues that small, incremental changes, or atomic habits, can lead to significant improvements over time. He delves into the psychology \nof habit formation, offers a four-step framework for habit change, and emphasizes the importance of environment and identity in sustaining positive habits. The book is a valuable resource for anyone looking to transform their behavior and achieve personal and professional goals.");
                        System.out.println("\n3 The Power of Self-Discipline by Brain Tracy");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a motivational and self-help book that focuses on the importance of self-discipline in achieving personal and professional success. \nTracy offers practical advice, strategies, and techniques for developing and maintaining self-discipline, which he views as a key ingredient in \nsetting and achieving meaningful goals. The book emphasizes the role of habits, time management, and personal responsibility in harnessing the power of self-discipline to lead a more fulfilling and productive life.");
                        System.out.println("\n4. The Power of Letting Go by John Purkiss");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a self-help book that explores the idea of letting go of the past, embracing change, and finding personal and professional success through a mindset shift. \nPurkiss draws from his experiences in leadership and offers insights on how to release attachments to the past and fear of the future. \nThe book provides practical strategies for individuals seeking to make positive changes in their lives, both personally and in their careers, by adopting a more flexible and open approach to life.");
                        System.out.println("\n5. The Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle");
                        System.out.println("   ~ Is a spiritual and philosophical guide that encourages readers to live in the present moment, transcending the constant chatter of the mind and \nachieving a state of mindfulness and inner peace. Tolle explores the concept of ego and how it often drives suffering, offering practical advice on \nhow to free oneself from the tyranny of the past and future. The book has become a bestseller and a well-regarded resource for those seeking spiritual enlightenment and a deeper understanding of the human experience.");
                    }
                    break;
                case "Young Adult":
                    System.out.println("1. The Summer of Broken Rules by K.L. Walther");
                    System.out.println("2. The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes by Suzanne Collins");
                    System.out.println("3. The Wizard of Earthsea by Ursula K. Le Guin");
                    System.out.println("4. The Hobbit by John Tolkien");
                    System.out.println("5. Lord of the Flies by William Golding");

                    System.out.print("\nWould you like a summary of the books given? Yes or No: ");
                    String userAnswer7 = scanner.nextLine();
                    if ("Yes".equalsIgnoreCase(userAnswer7)) {
}
